Typos 3.5 (#47)
mulesoft/docs-connector-devkit: modules/ROOT/pages/creating-a-connector-for-a-soap-service-via-cxf-client.adoc

All SOAP APIs provide a WSDL file that defines how and at what endpoint and ports a SOAP Web service can be called, what operations and parameters it expects, and what data types (simple or complex) the operations return.

> CXF includes the wsdl2java utility that can generate Java stub client code to call any method on the service, and marshall and unmarshal request parameters and responses as Java objects for further processing. This generated stub client becomes the core of your connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CXF includes the wsdl2java utility, which can generate Java stub client code to call any method on the service, and marshal and unmarshal request parameters and responses as Java objects for further processing. This generated stub client becomes the core of your connector.
```
